welcome back everybody week seven my
Atkins diet I'm on my way so this past
week I've been eating out more and
trying to make smart choices and eat the
right thing when i'm out eating in a
nice restaurant when i get to the
restaurant the first thing I say is old
the bread only meat and vegetables none
of the potatoes and bread i always get
here manic stinky green redress open i
had a salad i was beginning my meal it's
delicious I'm changing my ways one thing
I haven't talked about all is me
drinking a regular coke versus a diet
coke my whole life I've hated diet cokes
any diet drinks all the diet drinks are
disgusting to me so I didn't think I
would ever be able to switch totally
over to diet drinks since I've been on
the Atkins diet I've been drinking as
much water as i can and the flavored
water drinks but recently i've been able
to make the total switch to all diet
drinks there's a certain kind of diet
drink out there that i love it tastes
almost just like a regular non diet
drink so everybody ought to keep trying
and find something that you like so I'm
so proud of myself that I no longer
drink regular sodas it's only Diane's
well this week I've continued my running
regimen training my half marathon coming
up few more weeks from now I'm gonna go
attempt a half marathon and this week I
ran all the way down to an eight-minute
17 second mile for mile time throw this
week
way to go Michael getting better and
better so one point or another every
week that goes by in the middle of the
week somewhere I struggle with sticking
to my diet I tell myself you can do this
Michael you can do it but some voice
comes with my head and says just a
little bit of pizza or just have a candy
bar and I tell myself Michael you made
it that soft stuff or you made of the
hard stuff just food control you or do
you control yourself what are you gonna
do give in and waste your life and do
nothing with it where are you gonna rise
above and do the right thing all right
we're coming to a close a week seven and
I've had a few new epiphanies I think
God is speaking to me and telling me
that it's time for me to change my
careers and follow my dreams follow my
passions on this Atkins diet and
challenge has helped me realize that I
would love to be in the physical fitness
nutrition industry of changing people's
lives and making them feel better about
themselves have a healthier life have a
healthier body so thank you Adkins for
helping me realize that I want something
more for my life and I'm ready to follow
my dream we'll see you guys all next
week peace out